hey guys thanks for stopping by the
warehouse my name is Zack and today
we're taking a quick look at CCM CL 500
hockey glove as far as the exterior this
is going to be a really durable nylon
with some polyurethane trend that's
going to offer some great pop to the
glove the finger is going to be triple
segmented and double segment right here
so you get a great nice hand flexion
right out of the box the foams are used
within it are going to be C seams you
foam so they're really lightweight but
extremely protective and it's also just
kind of a water-resistant so the whole
the whole weight of this glove is just
going to be reduced with all this ufone
going from the back hand into the
fingers the sidewalks are gonna feature
some of that u foam backed by a plastic
insert so it's gonna be more in those
areas that are more prone to being
slashed this is C seams pro flex them so
it's going to offer some great
protection against hyperextension as
well as some great flexibility built
within it movie the cuff is going to
feature CCM is embroidered logo and this
is going to be some more u foams backed
by a plastic insert that's kind of
angled so it gives it a more
form-fitting type feel the cuff is also
going to be this open segmented cuff
backed by some u foam built in this
right here so it's gonna just increase
that protection against slashes the
liner of the glove is going to be that
that CCM premier liner which is really
soft to the touch and great a great at
wicking moistur I'm just reducing drying
time and one of my favorite liners out
there the palm of the glove is going to
be CCMS enduro soft palm this is gonna
be kind of like a Nash type material but
you're gonna have you're going to see
some layering effects and also double
stitching which is a great feature to
have at this price point this layering
effect is really just going to increase
the overall durability of the palm just
definitely keeping the whole lifespan
much longer as well as the fingers are
going to feature this grip this grip
texture so it's really going to increase
the stick responsiveness as far as the
fit goes this is gonna be a tapered
fitting glove it's gonna be snug in the
fingers and continuing that same volume
into the back hand then it's going to
open up in the cuff or some great wrist
mobility for even more information
regarding CCM CL 500 hockey glove be
sure to check it out at inline in ice
warehouse.com
you